1.13.1 (#333)
sonata-project/sonata-doctrine-extensions: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## [1.13.1](https://github.com/sonata-project/sonata-doctrine-extensions/compare/1.13.0...1.13.1) - 2021-07-20
### Fixed

> - [[#327](https://github.com/sonata-project/sonata-doctrine-extensions/pull/327)] `EntityManagerMockFactoryTrait` now mocks all the basics methods of the QueryBuilder ([@VincentLanglet](https://github.com/VincentLanglet))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [[#327](https://github.com/sonata-project/sonata-doctrine-extensions/pull/327)] `EntityManagerMockFactoryTrait`  mocks all the basic methods of `QueryBuilder` ([@VincentLanglet](https://github.com/VincentLanglet))
```
